 230. 0. Samsung's 2014 flagship smartphone is bigger, faster and more polished, with water-resistant credentials and a more modern user interface. It'll sell millions and millions. But the question remains: Is it the right phone for you? For most of the phone-buying public, Samsung's Galaxy line of phones has much broader brand recognition than the Android OS that powers them. With popular devices like the Galaxy S4 and Note 3, the Korean electronics giant has clawed its way to the top of the Android food chain, claiming the title of No. 1 phone manufacturer in the process. Look at any chart of smartphone market share and it's clear the real battle is between Samsung and Apple, with most other manufacturers left to fight over scraps. So the launch of a new Samsung flagship is an event of huge importance to the mobile industry. With Samsung's vast marketing machinery already in full swing, it seems inevitable that the new Galaxy S5 will be the biggest-selling Android phone of the year. Indeed we've already witnessed lines forming outside Samsung stores across Europe for the April 11 global launch, and early sales figures are apparently encouraging. Tens of millions of people will buy the Galaxy S5, just as they did the Galaxy S4. The previous Samsung flagship, though an undeniable commercial success, wasn't our favorite phone of 2013. For all its strengths, the GS4 was a device with many obvious foibles - a cheap-feeling glossy plastic back, inconsistent, cartoonish software design and many performance hiccups at launch. And while few phones could match the GS4's impressive feature set, tricks like "smart pause" and "air view" edged closer to gimmickry. In a nutshell, Samsung seemed to be adding extraneous fluff while the core experience stagnated. Twelve months on, it's time for a new Galaxy - one that promises re-vamped software, water resistance, a new soft-touch back panel and a bevy of new hardware tricks, including a fingerprint scanner and heart rate sensor. Talk of a move away from glossy plastic and a refinement of Samsung's software efforts are all well and good, but can the Galaxy S5 deliver in a market brimming with hungry competitors? Read on to find out, in the definitive Android Central Samsung Galaxy S5 review!